This policy explains how Unicax utilises cookies on its website
\_\_\_\_\_\_ ('Website'). For further understanding over how we acquire
and use information from visitors to the Website, we advise that you
read our Privacy Policy. Following that, your continuing usage of the
Website shall constitute your acceptance of this policy. We have the
right to change this Cookie Policy ('Policy') at any time without
notice, so please check back frequently for revisions.

You agree to allow Unicax to use the cookies specified under this Policy
by using the Website. You can disable cookies in your device by
adjusting the preferences (more information on how to do this is
provided below).

If you are located in the European Economic Area, you would be prompted
to assent to the use of cookies as well as other technologies on the
Website in line with this Policy when you first visit the Website, and
upon your approval, we may retain the same. 

## What Are Cookies?

When you access a website, text files producing small pieces of
information called cookies are transferred to your device (including a
smartphone or computer). The websites that retrieve the cookies or even
other websites that utilize the same cookies can recognize them. This
enables web pages to determine whether the device has previously visited
them.

## What Are Cookies Used For?

Cookies serve a variety of purposes, including assisting us in
understanding how the Website is being used, allowing you to browse
between webpages quickly, preserving your interests, and overall
optimizing your viewing experience. Cookies can also aid in making
online advertising more tailored to You and your preferences.

## What type of Cookies Do We Use?

Most web browsers allow you some control of cookies through browser
settings. We offer certain features that are only available using a
cookie. Disabling certain Cookies may affect the way our Website
operates and you may be unable to access certain sections and services
of the Website. Outlined below are the categories of cookies along with
a description of what they are used for.

### Strictly Necessary Cookies -- 

These cookies are needed to run our Website, to keep it secure, and to
comply with regulations that apply to us. These cookies are required to
navigate the Site and enjoy its functionalities, including acquiring
access to secure sections. Certain services you have requested, such as
payments submission, cannot be offered without any of these cookies.

**OPT OUT-** *You cannot decline these cookies since they are vitally
necessary for the Website and our services to function.*

### Functional Cookies -- 

We may use functional cookies on our Website. These cookies allow us to
remember information you enter or choices you make (such as your
username, language, or your region) and provide you with enhanced, more
personalized features.

**OPT OUT-** *You may decline these cookies; however, we recommend
enabling these cookies for a better website experience.*

### Performance/Analytics Cookies -- 

We may use performance/analytics cookies on our Website. These cookies
collect information about how visitors use our Website and services,
including which pages visitors go to most often and if they receive
error messages from certain pages. It is used to improve how our website
functions and performs.

**OPT OUT-** *You may choose to disable or opt-out of these cookies by
adjusting your browser settings.*

### Marketing Cookies -- 

We may use marketing cookies on our Website. These cookies help us
decide which of our products, services, and offers may be relevant for
you. We may use this data to tailor the marketing and ads you see on our
own and other websites and mobile apps, including social media. For
instance, you may see our ads on other sites after you have been to our
Website. We do not use behavioral advertising cookies in areas that are
intended to be used by child users.

OPT OUT- *You may choose to disable or opt-out of these cookies by
adjusting your browser settings.*

## How Long Do Cookies Last On My Internet Browser?

The duration of cookies on your computer is determined by whether the
subject cookie is a \"persistent\" or \"session\" cookie. Session
cookies are temporary cookies that remain on your computer until you
close your browser. Cookies that are persistent stay on your device
unless they lapse or are deleted.

## How To Manage Cookies Through Your Device?

Cookies can be enabled, disabled, or deleted depending on the browser
you\'re using to access the Site. Follow the steps suggested by your
browser (which are normally found in the \"Help,\" \"Tools,\" or
\"Edit\" facility). Please look at the link below for instructions on
how to change the settings in most popular web browsers:

[Internet
Explorer](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-11)\
[Mozilla
Firefox](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences?esab=a&s=cookies&r=6&as=s)\
[Google Chrome](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=en)\
[Apple Safari](https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac)

## Contact US

If you have any questions or concerns, you may contact us via:

**Email At:** \_\_\_

**Post At:\
**Unicax, Corp.,

4653 Carmel Mountain Rd,

Ste 308 PMB 1024 San Diego,

CA 92130-6650, United States
