## EASWORKS - Code of Conduct

Welcome to EASWORKS. This Code of Conduct outlines our expectations for
all those who participate in our community and use our platform and
services (\"Services\"), provided by EASWORKS (\"we\", \"us\", or
\"our\"). This includes freelancers, employers, partners, and all users
who access our platform.

**For Freelancers**

**1.Professionalism:** Freelancers are expected to maintain a high level
of professionalism in all interactions on our platform. This includes
providing accurate information about skills and experience and
delivering quality work on time.

**2.Honesty and Integrity:** Freelancers are expected to act with
honesty and integrity. This includes not misrepresenting skills,
experience, or availability, and not engaging in fraudulent or deceptive
practices.

**3.Respect for Employers:** Freelancers are expected to show respect
for employers. This includes respecting the employer\'s time,
requirements, and feedback.

**For Employers**

**1.Fair Treatment:** Employers are expected to treat freelancers
fairly. This includes providing clear and accurate job descriptions,
providing timely and constructive feedback, and paying freelancers
promptly and fairly.

**2.Respect for Freelancers:** Employers are expected to show respect
for freelancers. This includes respecting the freelancer\'s skills,
time, and work.

**3.Compliance with Laws:** Employers are expected to comply with all
applicable laws and regulations. This includes not engaging in
discriminatory hiring practices, and not violating labor laws.

**For Partners**

**1.Collaboration:** Partners are expected to work collaboratively with
us and with other members of our community. This includes cooperating in
good faith to resolve any disputes or issues that arise.

**2.Compliance with Agreement:** Partners are expected to comply with
all terms and conditions of their partnership agreement with us. This
includes fulfilling all commitments and obligations under the agreement.

**3.Respect for Our Community:** Partners are expected to show respect
for our community. This includes not engaging in behavior that harms the
reputation or functioning of our platform.

**For All Users**

**1.Respect for Others**: All users are expected to show respect for
others. This includes not engaging in harassment, discrimination, or any
other behavior that infringes on the rights or dignity of others.

**2.Respect for Our Platform:** All users are expected to respect our
platform. This includes not engaging in behavior that disrupts the
functioning of our platform, and not violating our Terms of Use or
Privacy Policy.

**3.Compliance with Laws:** All users are expected to comply with all
applicable laws and regulations. This includes not using our platform
for illegal activities, and not infringing on the rights of others.

**BREACHES**

Violations of this Code of Conduct can result in disciplinary action, up
to and including expulsion from the hub. If you believe someone is
violating the Code of Conduct, we urge you to report it to EASWORKS
management. There should be a clear process for reporting violations of
the Code of Conduct, and these reports should be handled promptly and
fairly.

By using our Services, you agree to abide by this Code of Conduct.
Violations of this Code of Conduct may result in suspension or
termination of your account.

**Last Updated: June 4, 2023**
