# Terms Of Use

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. BY USING THIS WEBSITE
AND/OR PLATFORM YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE BELOW TERMS AND
CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY.

***Unicax, Corp*** (**\"Company\"**, **"We"** or **"Us"** and their
connotations) operates the website (URL: [https://www.easworks.com](https://www.easworks.com)) (together called
as **"Website/ EASWORKS Service"**) which serves as a specialized
platform for enterprise application services and is engaged in the
service of connecting businesses, start-ups, and companies
("**Clients/Employers**") with a network of skilled and pre-vetted
enterprise application software Developers, functional consultants,
business analyst, project managers & solution architects (**"EAS
Talent"**) that may be associated with the Company as freelancers or as
Company employees. The Company also provide a one stop solution for
entire enterprise application projects including planning, development,
guidance and talent acquisition.

These terms and conditions (**"Terms"**) describe the terms on which the
Company grants end-users access to the Website/EASWORKS Services
including all software, data, reports, text, images, sounds, video, and
content made available through any portion of the website and shall be
read with the Privacy Policy. Our Website is primarily for adult Users
seeking to hire EAS Talent and individuals seeking work on various
grounds. Anyone below 18 years of age is assumed to be a child
(**"Child"**) and requires parental consent to use the Website. The
parents of the Child or users above 18 years of age are hereinafter
referred to as **"You"**.

## Terms of Service

By choosing to visit and/or avail any services provided by Company, you
affirm that You have read, understood these Terms and agree to be bound
by them and the corresponding documents including but not limited to the
Privacy Policy (as may be amended from time to time). Please read the
following information carefully. If you are a parent or guardian and you
provide your consent to your child\'s use of the Website, You agree to
be bound by these Terms in respect to their use of the Website.

## Description of Services

Unicax's EASWORKS is a specialized Enterprise Application Software (EAS)
platform that connects Clients with EAS Talents. The Company's primary
objective is to effectively march the Clients with the most suitable
technical talent as per the Client's project and hiring requirement,
leveraging the EAS Talent's deep industry domain knowledge and expertise
in Enterprise Applications.

The EASWORKS Service offers a unique and dedicated focus towards the
enterprise application landscape. The niche area focus enables the
Company to offer specialized and precise solutions to its Clients. The
Company strives to understand the needs and objectives of the Client as
well as the EAS Talents and fulfils the requirement at both ends by
offering, individual EAS Talents, entire team of EAS Talents and/or
fully undertaking the Client project. EASWORKS Services can be availed
for a wide range of projects ranging from simple to complex and may even
involve Enterprise Application Software development.

The following EAS Talent engagement options are offered to Clients:

1.  **Staff Augmentation:** The Client can hire individual EAS Talents
    or a team of experts from EASWORKS EAS talent pool to augment the
    Client's existing team depending upon the complexity and/or duration
    of the project.

2.  **Full Team Outsourcing:** The Client can opt for the present option
    wherein the Company shall assemble a dedicated team of professionals
    from the EAS Talent pool as per the Client's requirement to work on
    the project.

3.  **Fully Managed Projects:** Let EASWORKS team of professionals
    handle the entire project lifecycle, from planning to deployment.

4.  **Contract-to-Hire:** The Company provides the present staffing
    option to its Client wherein the Client can evaluate an EAS Talent
    on a temporary basis before making a long-term onboarding
    commitment.

5.  **Enterprise Application Consulting:** The Company not only provides
    complete EAS project assistance and staffing services but also
    provides expert consultation services wherein the Client can get
    expert guidance in assessing its needs and developing an
    implementation roadmap.

To ensure the efficiency and viability of the sourcing and vetting
process, the Company has set a minimum engagement requirement of 150
hours. The elaborated details regarding the features and functionality
of the EASWORKS Services are provided under the Engagement Agreement and
the FAQs available on the Website.

The Company also provides various onboarding options to enterprise
application software experts to join the EAS Talent pool of the Company
and become a part of the specialized EASWORKS Service network. If You
are a skilled professional who possess deep industry domain knowledge
and technical expertise, then You can enrol as an EAS Talent post
qualifying the Company's extensive scrutiny and onboarding process that
ensures that only the top-tier talent is onboarded to represent the
company as EAS Talent. For accessing the EASWORKS Services, the Users
will have to create an account and disclose certain information
including, but not limited to, (i) name, e-mail ID, photograph, location
and other contact information (ii) gender and other demographics (iii)
birth date and year to validate the current age of the User (iv) email
address of the User or guardian to acquire the parental consent
(**\"Personal Data\"**).

To become an EAS Talent with the Company, You can follow these steps:

1.  Fill out the detailed EAS Talent application at
    www.EASWORKS.com/join to apply with Your true and updated information.

2.  Post submission of the application, the same will be reviewed to
    assess Your technical expertise and communication skills and Your
    viability to join the EAS Talent pool to work with Our Clients.

3.  Once Your profile is verified and approved, based on the available
    opportunities as per Your area of expertise and knowledge, You shall
    be selected for the available enterprise application project.

> Your accurate, complete and approved profile is a prerequisite for
> being considered for upcoming enterprise application job
> opportunities. Once the Company finds an opportunity that aligns with
> Your skills and preferences, the Company shall contact You to gauge
> Your interest. If You express Your interest to get onboarded on a
> project, the vetting process begins, which includes answering
> position-specific questions and completing work skill assessments to
> provide a comprehensive understanding of Your capabilities. While
> selecting a candidate from the EAS Talent Pool the Company will be
> using various factors and assessment tools like the candidate's
> professional skills, experience, domain expertise, availability and
> hourly rate before matching them with the Client.

The Company reserves the right to add, delete, or alter some or all of
the aforesaid services at any time at its sole discretion, with
reasonable notice posted on the Website in advance of doing so.

## License to Use

The Company hereby grants its Users (Clients and EAS Talents), the
limited right to access, view and use the Website only for the purposes
of accessing, viewing, posting or submitting User Content, using the
embedded link function, or for accessing information, applications and
services. You shall not reproduce, distribute, modify, adapt, create
derivative works, publicly display or otherwise exploit the EASWORKS
Services, except as expressly permitted under these Terms. The Company
reserves the right to suspend or deny, in its sole discretion, your
access to all or any portion of the Website. Any rights not expressly
granted to You herein are reserved to Company.

You grant the Company the right to use the image/ photo, information and
name of the Users for the purpose of publishing, displaying, marketing
and advertising the same as per the Company's discretion. You maintain
ownership of the Content that You contribute and/or provide to the
Website, subject to any other contractual obligations that may exist
between You and the Company. However, You grant the Company a
global, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual, immutable license to
use, duplicate, reproduce, process, modify, alter, publicly release,
transfer, and exhibit that material in any and all media or transmission
techniques solely to Publish, develop and Promote the Website. 

Any requisite license, subscription, and/or access to use any paid
software, application, third party service that may be required for the
completion of the Client Project shall be procured and provided by the
respective Client and the Company shall not be responsible to incur any
expenses or procure any such license, subscription or access. All
liability in relation to the procurement of a valid non-infringing
licenses/subscription shall vest with the Client. 

This License to avail the EASWORKS Service shall remain in effect unless
and until terminated by either party. Upon termination, You shall
immediately cease all use of the EASWORKS Services and any related
materials and delete or destroy any copies thereof in Your possession or
control.

## Intellectual Property Rights

The Company retains all rights (including copyrights, trademarks,
patents, designs, logos, trade dress, trade secrets, know-how as well as
any other intellectual property right) in relation to all information
provided on or via the Website, including but not limited to the
information, database, compilation, all texts, graphics, photos, and
illustrations except third-party software and/or company logos. You
shall not copy, download, publish, distribute or reproduce any of the
information contained on the Website in any form without the prior
written consent of the Company. The ownership and all rights associated
with the Intellectual Property remain vested in the Company. All images,
photos, text, and other materials posted on this website are subject to
copyrights that are owned by the Company or other authorized individuals
who have uploaded the images/ photos or materials. Any reproduction,
transmission, retransmission, distribution, posting, sharing or
republication of all or part of any image, photos, text, and other
materials found on this website is expressly prohibited and shall be
deemed unauthorized and illegal.

It is hereby clarified that the logos of various software, brands and/or
companies are displayed on the Website solely for representation
purposes to indicate the range of software solutions or services
provided by the Company and the skills and expertise vested in the EAS
Talent. The presence of these logos does not imply any association,
license, partnership, ownership or endorsement of such software, brand
and/or third-parties by the Company. The Company does not take any
responsibility for the correctness and accuracy of representation of
such brand logos, names, symbols, and/or taglines as they may be updated
or modified from time to time. Any intellectual property rights
associated with these logos remain the property of their respective
owners and the Company does not claim any right in the same. If you
believe that any logo or trademark displayed on the Website infringes
upon Your rights, please contact the Company immediately for prompt
removal or proper attribution.

By accessing or using the EASWORKS Services, You acknowledge and agree
that the Intellectual Property is of utmost importance and value to the
Company and that its protection is essential to the continued provision
and operation of the EASWORKS Services. Thus, mere damages or monetary
compensation may not be sufficient to compensate the Company for any
losses incurred or apprehended in furtherance to the infringement of
such Intellectual Property and the Company shall have the right to seek
injunctive reliefs and exemplary damages for any breach and infringement
of its intellectual property. You further agree to abide by all
applicable laws, regulations, and international treaties governing
intellectual property rights and to refrain from engaging in any
activities that may infringe upon or compromise the Intellectual
Property.

Easworks retains the right, through its absolute discretion, to delete
any Content that is deemed to be infringing without advance notification
and without incurring any liability to you. Easworks will respond to
reports of suspected copyright infringement that are in compliance with
relevant law and are delivered to it in the appropriate manner.

The Company's services are limited to serve as a bridge between the EAS
Talents and the Clients or provide EAS Software services to its Clients.
It is hereby clarified that all Intellectual Property created by the EAS
Talents as part of their respective association with the Client shall
vest the Client and the EAS Talents and/or the Company shall not claim
any right and/or ownership in the said works.

## Confidentiality

You agree to maintain the confidentiality of any and/or all proprietary
information received during the course of Your usage of the EASWORKS
Services, including, but not limited to, the identities of other users,
client information except as expressly permitted by the terms of Your
Agreement with the Company or as required by law.

All images, photos, text, data, project details, information, audios,
videos, reading materials, and/or any other materials made available on
the Website or in the course of Your usage of the EASWORKS Services that
is not available in the public domain shall be treated as 'Confidential
Content' of the Company and/or its Users. You undertake that You will:

i.  not disclose Confidential Content by way of downloading, publishing,
    transmitting, displaying, uploading, sharing or making copies of the
    same, whether in full or in part thereof, unless you obtain prior
    written approval from the Company or the respective User;

ii. protect Confidential Content from unauthorized use, access, or
    disclosure in the same manner as You protect your own confidential,
    sensitive, and personal information, and in no event with less than
    reasonable care.

iii. promptly notify the Company of any known or suspected unauthorized
     disclosure or use of the Confidential Content.

iv. Use the Confidential Content solely for the intended purpose as
    authorized by the Company. Any other use, including but not limited
    to, copying, modifying, translating, adapting, creating derivative
    works, or commercial exploitation of the Confidential Content, is
    strictly prohibited unless expressly authorized in writing by Ethe
    Company.

v.  This Confidentiality Clause shall survive any termination or
    expiration of your use of the Services and shall remain in full
    force and effect indefinitely. Any breach of this clause may result
    in legal action and the seeking of damages and/or other appropriate
    remedies to the fullest extent permitted by law. By using the
    EASWORKS Services, you affirm that you have read, understood, and
    agreed to be bound by this Confidentiality Clause.

## Linking

You may link the EASWORKS Services to one or more site(s), provided
that:

a.  the link is legal, fair and not detrimental or damaging to and/or
    does not take unfair advantage of the Company's reputation or
    business.

b.  You shall not engage in any practices that may mislead or deceive
    users or violate any applicable laws or regulations.

c.  such linking is not for advertisement and/or promotional purposes of
    any personal product or service (unless the Company has expressly
    agreed to the same);

d.  the link is not from any website which promotes any political or
    religious views, or promotes or depicts intolerance, hatred,
    discrimination, violence, pornography or illegal activity;

e.  the link does not falsely or misleadingly imply or suggest that the
    Company endorses, approves of or is associated with the linked
    website, its web pages or any of its contents.

The Company may at any time at its sole discretion withdraw the
permission granted to You to link the EASWORKS Service/Website to any
third-party site without notice. This Clause is subject to our rights,
restrictions, and limitations, and may be modified or revoked at any
time without prior notice.

## User Content

The Company offers the Users the opportunity to submit, post, display,
transmit, publish, distribute and/or upload certain data, information,
content and materials, including, without limitation, articles,
commentaries, photographs, text, pictures, data, questions, comments,
suggestions or personally identifiable information.

You shall be solely responsible for the content you post on the EASWORKS
Service. You agree not to post content that is false, misleading,
harmful, obscene, threatening, abusive, invasive of someone\'s privacy,
or infringing on intellectual property rights. The Company may remove
content at its sole discretion if the same is found in violation of the
present Terms or the Companies policies or to comply with any applicable
laws.

The Company shall not be held responsible or liable for any of the
content provided by You on the Website. You must not attempt to avoid or
undermine any protections that the Company may put in place for the
security and operation of any website. You shall be solely responsible
for the legality, accuracy, completeness, and appropriateness of the
User Content you submit.

You undertake to use EASWORKS Service and intellectual property for only
the purposes envisaged in the instant Terms and shall not use the same
for any unauthorized or unlawful purpose. Should You use Website or the
Company's intellectual property with any third party's intellectual
property in any manner, then You shall be solely responsible to obtain
all necessary permissions, authorizations and licenses from the said
third party. In the event You use the Website and/or the Company's
intellectual property beyond the limited rights granted to You under
these terms, then You shall be solely held responsible for the same and
shall indemnify the Company for all losses, claims, expenses and damages
in this regard.

The EASWORKS Services are governed by the present Terms and Privacy
Policy. Users are requested to study the EASWORKS Privacy Policy in
detail to understand how their data is governed, processed and regulated
by the Company. In addition to the Privacy Policy, the Company might be
obligated by law to disclose any information to government officials,
enforcement agencies, or third parties, and You authorise the Company to
share Your information/data in any way that the Company deems
appropriate and necessary in its sole discretion, including but not
limited to complying with Court Orders (if any).

## User Communication

1.  You hereby explicitly consent to receive emails, telephone, WhatsApp
    and/or text messages from the Company, for the purpose of providing
    alerts and information related to the EASWORKS Services. Reply
    \'STOP\' on the same number to stop receiving any further SMS.
    Standard data charges are applicable for SMS.

2.  You agree to communicate with other Users in a respectful and
    professional manner. Harassment, spam, and other forms of abuse will
    not be tolerated.

## Rules of Conduct

You must comply with the laws that apply to You in Your respective
location of accessing the EASWORKS Services as well as the laws of the
State of California and the Federal laws of the United States of
America. If any laws applicable to You restrict or prohibit You from
using Services of Company, You must comply with those legal restrictions
or, if applicable, stop accessing and/or using the EASWORKS Services.
You undertake that all the information You provide to Company on
accessing and/or using the EASWORKS Services is and shall remain true,
accurate and complete at all times.

Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms, You agree and
undertake not to:

a.  Hack, attempt to hack, modify, adapt, merge, translate, decompile,
    > disassemble, reverse engineer or create derivative works out of
    > the Service or any part of them (save to the extent which
    > expressly cannot be prohibited in accordance with the applicable
    > mandatory law in your jurisdiction);

b.  Remove, copy, frame, repost, disable, modify, publicly display,
    > distribute, add to or tamper with any program code or data,
    > copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices and legends
    > contained on or in the Service;

c.  Create software that mimics any data or functionality in the
    > Service;

d.  Use any "page-scrape," "deep-link," "spider," or "robot or another
    > automatic program", device, algorithm or methodology, or any
    > similar manual process, to access, copy, acquire, or monitor any
    > portion of the Website or any Content;

e.  Use or deal in the Service except as permitted by these Terms;

f.  Include contact details intended to enable communication outside of
    > the Service, in any Communication;

g.  Use your access to the Service, or information gathered from it, for
    > the sending of unsolicited bulk email;

h.  Provide hypertext links, URL Links, graphic links, hyperlinks, or
    > other direct connections for profit or gain to the Service without
    > prior written permission of Company;

i.  Make the Service or any part of it available to any third party
    > (please note this does not stop you from fairly and honestly
    > providing links to the Website, or showing either to other
    > people);

j.  Use or process the Service or any part of them unfairly or for any
    > illegal or immoral purpose; or

k.  Delete or obscure any copyright or other proprietary notice on the
    > Service.

l.  Sublicense, resell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, time share, or
    > otherwise commercially exploit the content available on the Site.

The EASWORKS Service may only be accessed and used via authorized
servers. You must take no action to bypass authorized servers and/or use
third-party software to modify any aspect of the EASWORKS Service,
whether for the purpose of securing an unfair advantage over other
users, and You expressly consent to the Company monitoring your
computer\'s random-access memory for the purpose of identifying said
unauthorized third-party programs. The Company reserves the right to
undertake any available legal recourses against any unauthorised and/or
harmful activities including but not restricted to the above-mentioned
prohibitions.

##  Payment Terms

The Company operates on a commission basis. For EAS Talents the payment
shall be released as per the agreed terms under the employment and/or
onboarding agreement. For Clients, the fee shall be charged as per the
nature of EASWORKS Services availed and the terms and conditions agreed
upon while availing the services.

The following payment terms shall apply to:

**A. EAS Talent:**

1.  **Specifying the professional Fee:** We require all EAS Talents to
    specify and set their professional fee during the onboarding
    process. The EAS Talents are expected to specify their rates/fee
    after taking into consideration their respective area of expertise,
    skills, experience and prevalent market rate.

2.  **Payment Release**: Payment to EAS Talent shall be released in
    accordance with the agreed-upon terms. The specific payment release
    schedule and method will be determined during the project
    negotiation or hiring process.

3.  **Commission Deduction:** The Company shall not deduct any
    commission and or payments from the rates specified by the EAS
    Talents on its respective profile.

4.  **Payment Disputes:** In the event of a dispute regarding payment,
    the EAS Talent should promptly contact the Company's customer
    support and provide all relevant details and supporting
    documentation. The Company shall strive to resolve all payment
    related issues within 14-days from the date of such intimation. It
    is to be noted that the decision and/or adjudication of the Company
    in relation to any payment related issue/grievance shall be final
    and binding upon the EAS Talent.

5.  **Taxes:** Users (Clients and EAS Talents) are responsible for
    complying with all applicable tax laws and regulations related to
    their use of EASWORKS Services. The Company does not provide tax
    advice, and users are advised to consult with a tax professional
    regarding their tax obligations.

6.  **Payment Terms Modification:** The Company reserves its right to
    modify the payment terms at any time. Notice of any changes to the
    payment terms will be provided to Users in advance, and continued
    use of the EASWORKS Services after the effective date of the changes
    will constitute acceptance of the modified payment terms.

**B. Client/Employers:**

1.  **Charges and Billing:** No upfront fee is payable by the Client.
    Only once the EAS Talent is finalized and onboarded with the Client,
    the Client shall pay the Service Fee at the agreed upon hourly rate.
    The Client shall be subject to charges as per the terms and
    conditions agreed upon during the project or hiring requirement. The
    specific pricing structure, payment terms, and billing frequency
    will be outlined in the agreed-upon terms.

2.  **Payment Obligations:** The Client shall from the date of signing
    of the Engagement Agreement and all times thereafter till
    subsistence of the agreement term and complete payment of the
    Service Fee be responsible for making timely payments to the
    Company. Failure to make payments in accordance with the agreed
    terms may result in penalties, suspension of services, and/or
    termination of the project or hiring arrangement. The Company shall
    further have the right to claim damages from the Client for any
    substantial loss of revenues and/or Service Fee.

3.  **Payment Disputes:** If a Client disputes any charges, they should
    promptly notify the Company's customer support and provide all
    relevant details and supporting documentation in relation to their
    claim. The Company shall review the dispute and take appropriate
    action in accordance with its policies, the Engagement Agreement and
    the present Terms. The decision of the Company in this regard shall
    be final and binding.

4.  **Payment Methods:** The Company may offer various payment methods
    for the convenience of users, including but not limited to ACH, wire
    transfers, credit card payments, electronic funds transfer, or
    third-party payment processors. The availability of payment methods
    may vary depending on the user\'s location and other factors.

5.  **Taxes:** Users (Clients and EAS Talents) are responsible for
    complying with all applicable tax laws and regulations related to
    their use of EASWORKS Services. The Company does not provide tax
    advice, and users are advised to consult with a tax professional
    regarding their tax obligations.

6.  **Payment Terms Modification:** The Company reserves its right to
    modify the payment terms at any time. Notice of any changes to the
    payment terms will be provided to Users in advance, and continued
    use of the EASWORKS Services after the effective date of the changes
    will constitute acceptance of the modified payment terms.

## Restricted / Prohibited Activities

You agree not to use the EASWORKS Service for any illegal or
unauthorized purpose or that is not in conformity with the intended use
of the Website. The use of EASWORKS Services for any and/or all acts
barred by law in the State of California and/or the jurisdiction of the
User are specifically forbidden.

## Limitation of Liability

You agree and understand that the Company does not state or claim any
warranty for the quality of services delivered on our Website.

The Company will not be liable to You for any incidental, consequential,
indirect, special, punitive or exemplary damages (including damages for
loss of business, loss of profits or the like) arising out of or
relating to these Terms, and/or the Services, including without
limitation, Your use or inability to use the Website, platform, matching
services, content, projects developed, resources allotted, proprietary
information, or any interruption or disruption of such use, even if the
Company has been advised of the possibility of such damages and
regardless of the cause of action (whether in contract, tort, breach of
warranty or otherwise). The aggregate liability of the Company with
regard to these Terms or Your use of the EASWORKS Services shall in no
event exceed the registration/subscription amount paid by You.

The Company will not be held responsible for any unethical, illegal acts
performed by the Users in furtherance of or using any information
obtained from the Website or through the EAS Talents. In no event shall
the Company be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or
consequential damages, or damages for loss of profits, revenue, data or
data use, incurred by You or any third-party, whether in an action in
contract or tort, arising from your access to, or use of, the Website or
any content provided on or through the Website.

The Company does not warrant that the operation of the EASWORKS Service
will be uninterrupted or error-free. The Company shall not be liable in
any amount for failure to perform any obligation under this agreement if
such failure is caused by the occurrence of any unforeseen contingency
beyond the reasonable control of the Company including Internet outages,
communications outages, government action, epidemic, pandemic, natural
disaster, war, or any act of God.

## Third-Party Permission

The Company has subscribed to various third-party service providers and
software; You agree and acknowledge that, while accepting these Terms,
You explicitly grant permission to these service providers and/or
software to use Your information. Your use of such third-party websites/
services will be governed by the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
of these third-party websites and the Company shall have no
role/obligation/liability with respect to the same. Further, You
undertake that any project/software developed through EASWORKS basis
Your instructions or commissioning shall not infringe or violate any
third-party rights and that You have acquired all permissions/licenses
necessary in relation to any third-party data/information/intellectual
property. In the event of any claims raised by any third-party, the
Company shall not be held liable in any manner whatsoever.

You release the Company from any and all claims that any user or
third-party may file against the Company due to a violation of their
rights by the content/information/project and/or any act by You. You
shall assume the costs of the Company's legal defence, including all
Court directed fines, liabilities and legal fees.

## Amendments to Terms

The Company reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time. Any
continued use of the Website after such amendments being uploaded/posted
on the Website shall amount to You having consented to the same. Users
will be informed of any amendments to the general Terms either via the
Website or by way of an email communication. The
changes/modifications/amendments in the Terms, may also be highlighted
and/or informed to You by updating the \"Last Updated\" date at the end
of these Terms.

## Termination

Without limiting any other rights that the Company may have, the Company
may remove, restrict, cancel or suspend access to and/or use of EASWORKS
Service and any part of it without notice or incurring any liability
towards You, if the Company considers (in the sole discretion of the
Company) that You have breached any of these Terms You may also
terminate your agreement with Company by ceasing to access the Service,
deleting all copies of the Service, or part thereof within your control.
Termination shall not affect any rights or remedies, which have accrued
up to the time of termination including Your payment obligations towards
the Company.

## Indemnity

You agree that in relation to your use of the Service You will not in
any way conduct yourself in a manner which is unlawful, or which gives
rise to civil or criminal liability, or which might call Company or the
Service into disrepute. You agree to indemnify and hold Us harmless, Our
directors, officers, employees, contractors, licensors, and agents from
and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses and expenses,
including attorneys' fees, arising out of Your use of the Services
and/or the Website, including but not limited to the violation of these
Terms.

## Severability

If any Court or competent authority finds that any provision of these
Terms (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
that provision or part-provision shall, to the extent required, be
deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other
provisions of these Terms shall not be affected and the same shall
remain enforceable to the fullest extent under law.

## Assignment

These Terms, any rights, licenses granted, and obligations hereunder
shall not be transferred or assigned by You but may be assigned by the
Company without restrictions. Any attempted transfer or assignment in
violation hereof shall be considered as null and void.

## Waiver

No waiver of any terms of these Terms shall be treated as a further or
continuing waiver of such term or any other term and Our failure to
assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a
waiver of such right or provision.

## Territorial Restrictions.

No part of the Website is intended for distribution or use by any
individual or organisation in any territory, nation or
jurisdiction where such distribution or usage is prohibited or
restricted by law. The Company reserves the right to limit the
availability of the EASWORKS Services or any portion of the Services, to
any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time and in our
sole discretion. United States export regulations may apply to some
software and content associated to the Website.

The Company does not engage with or seek to do business with:

a.  any enterprise, individual, or citizen of a geographical region
    where access to and/or use of the EASWORKS Services is forbidden by
    relevant legislation, Court ruling, regulatory frameworks, treaty,
    or administrative act;

b.  any organization, individual, or citizen of, or situated in, a
    geographical region pertaining to the U.S. or any other sovereign
    state sanctions or embargoes; or 

c.  a person or organisation listed on the US Department of Commerce\'s
    Denied Persons or Entity List, the US Department of Treasury\'s
    Specifically Designated Citizens or Banned Person Lists, or the US
    Department of State\'s Debarred Parties List, and otherwise
    disqualified to acquire objects pertaining to US export control
    rules and regulations or other sovereign nation\'s economic
    sanctions regulations.

## Dispute Resolution and Jurisdiction

These Terms are made under and will be construed and enforced in
accordance with, the Laws of the State of California, applicable to
agreements made and to be performed solely therein, without giving
effect to principles of conflicts of law. You agree to submit to the
personal jurisdiction of the State of California and the Federal Courts
located in California for any actions and/or dispute that might arise
out of the EASWORKS Services or Your association with the Company in any
manner whatsoever.

Since some states and countries do not permit the elimination or
restriction of implied warranties or liability for consequential or
incidental damages, some of the limitations mentioned under these
Terms may not apply to You. Our liability in such Territories shall be
subjected to limitations established by the Laws of that State or
Country.

## Interpretation

The titles in this section are for convenience only and do not describe,
limit, analyse, or characterise the context or extent of any section or
subsection. Further, in these Terms, the words "include" and
"including," and variations thereof, will not be deemed to be terms of
limitation, but rather will be deemed to be followed by the words
"without limitation."

## Notices

Any notices and/or communication in relation to the EASWORKS services
shall be delivered to Your registered email ID provided during the
registration/enrolment process. All Notices and/or communication shall
be deemed served 24-hours after an email has been sent unless the sender
party receives notice that the email address is inaccurate or that the
message has not been delivered to the intended recipient. Alternatively,
any notice and/or communication sent via the standard mail to the
address provided by You during the registration/enrolment process shall
be deemed to have been delivered three-days after the date of issuance.
Unless specifically requested, all communication/notices shall only be
sent via email. All communications/Notices/grievances to Us in relation
to the EASWORKS Services are to be sent via email on
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and also via registered ordinary mail to the
Company address i.e. Unicax, Corp, 10994 W.Ocean Air Dr, #181, San
Diego, California-92130.

## Security

The security and protection of Our Client's data is our top-most
priority. While the Company has enforced systems to protect Your
data/projects/information and accounts, the Company cannot rule-out the
possibility of a cyber-attack by a third-party. In the event that You
become informed of any unwanted access or any other breach of security
to the Website, Your profile, data, project and/or any of the other
EASWORKS Services. You must inform Us immediately of any compromise or
unauthorized use of Your account after becoming aware about the same and
no later than 24-hours and shall take all necessary actions to minimize
the unauthorized access to the information or any other breach of
security. Your User Account is personal to You, and You are not
permitted to disclose Your credentials with anyone else. Maintaining the
confidentiality of your password is totally Your responsibility. The
Company shall not be responsible for any loss or resulting damage from
unauthorized access to Your accounts as a result of Your failure to keep
Your password safe. Further, the Company shall not be held liable for
any loss and/or disclosure of information, data, projects or any other
information resulting as a consequence of a cyber-attack or any
third-party action that is outside the Company's control.

## Feedback

You may provide comments, suggestions or ideas about the Website as well
as EASWORKS' operations, activities, and services (\"**Feedback**\"). By
submitting any Feedback, you agree and acknowledge that:

a.  You are providing Your information on a voluntary basis, and
    EASWORKS may use and utilize that in any manner including any
    purpose without any liabilities or limitations,

b.  You will not seek or be entitled toward any money or other type of
    compensation, consideration, or acknowledgment with respect to Your
    Feedback, regardless as to whether EASWORKS considers or uses it in
    any way, and

c.  Your Feedback is confidential.

## Contact

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us by email
or postal mail on the following address:

**Contact Email Address:** \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**Organization\'s Name & Address:** Unicax, Corp., 4653 Carmel Mountain
Rd, Ste 308 PMB 1024 San Diego, CA 92130-6650, United States

**Phone number:** \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
