## PRIVACY POLICY

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY (HEREINAFTER \'POLICY\') CAREFULLY
BEFORE AVAILING THE SERVICES OF OUR WEBSITE

***Unicax, Corp*** (**\"Company\"**, **"We"** or **"Us"** and their
connotations) operates the website (URL: [(\_\_\_\_)]{.mark} (together
called as **"Website/EASWORKS"**) which serves as a specialized platform
for enterprise application services and is engaged in the service of
connecting businesses, start-ups, and companies with a network of
skilled and pre-vetted enterprise application software Developers,
functional consultants, business analyst, project managers & solution
architects (**"EAS Talent"**). We also provide a one stop solution for
entire enterprise application projects including planning, development,
guidance and talent acquisition.

This Privacy Policy describes how the Company collects, uses, stores,
secures, and shares Your information when You use the Website. This
Privacy Policy outlines the Company's approach to privacy to fulfil its
obligations under the applicable privacy laws. Throughout this document,
the terms \"We\", \"Us\", \"Our\", \"Ours\" and "Company" shall refer
to the Company. And the terms \"You\", \"Your" and \"Yours\" shall refer
to the Websites' end Users (Clients and EAS Talent). Further, all
capitalised words in the Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning and
definition as elaborated under the Terms of Use ("**Terms"**) of the
Website.

This Privacy Policy applies to all Your *Personal Data* processed by Us,
whether in physical and/or electronic mode. This Privacy Policy is meant
to help You understand what information is collected by the Company, why
is it collected, and how You can update, manage, export, and/or delete
Your information. Please note that this Privacy Policy is applicable to
all instances where the Company plays the role of a DATA CONTROLLER of
Your Personal Data, when We collect and process personal data about You
for offering the EASWORKS Services.

By choosing to visit and/or availing any of the EASWORKS Services
provided by the Company, You agree to this Privacy Policy (as may be
amended from time to time). Please read the following information
carefully. You must be at least 18 years old to register on the Website.
If You are under 18 years old, You are not permitted to register on the
Website and/or avail the EASWORKS Service unless such registration is
completed either under the guidance of or by a parent or a legal
guardian. By Your continued access or use of the Website, You signify
Your acceptance and agreement to be legally bound by this Privacy Policy
set forth herein. If You do not agree to the Privacy Policy and/or any
part thereof, the Company requests You to promptly exit this page and
stop accessing the EASWORKS Service.

## What Personal Data Do We Collect & Process About You?

\'Personal Data\' means any information that may be used to identify an
individual, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an
identifier, including not limited to, a first and last name, physical
address, email address, online identifier or other contact information,
identity proof documents. In case You are an EAS Talent then Your work
experience, photo, education, social network information, family
information will also be collected by the Company. In case You are a
Client then the information that You provide to the Company, information
that is obtained from third parties and some of the data that is
automatically collected by the Company are the types of information that
the Company shall collect in relation to You.

The Company is committed to keeping Your Personal Data private and
secure. We process all the Personal Data that We collect from You in
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations of the State of
California (and/or any other laws as applicable to the jurisdiction
where the EASWORKS Service is officially provided) and the provisions of
this Privacy Policy. Please read the following carefully to understand
the Company's practices regarding Your Personal Data and how We treat
it.

Across the Website the Company collects the following information:

-   ***Personal Information***: We may require or
    otherwise collect Personal Information from You while using the
    EASWORKS Service (whether as a Client, EAS Talent or visitor) such
    as Your name, email address, company address, billing address,
    experience, skills, resume, photograph and/or contact details. This
    information may be used to identify or contact You.

-   ***Payment Information:*** If You use the Website to
    make or receive a payment, We shall collect some payment information
    from You, such as Your credit card or other bank account
    information, as well as Your billing address.

-   ***Identity Verification***: We may collect Personal
    Information about You, including such Your date of birth or taxpayer
    identification number, in order to verify Your identity or as may be
    mandated by law. We may ask for documentation to validate this data,
    such as a copy of Your government-issued identification or photo ID,
    Your current photo as well as a copy of Your recent billing
    statement.

-   ***Biometric Data**:* If You have applied to be a part
    of the EAS Talent Pool, with Your explicit written informed consent
    (which You may provide at the time of submitting Your onboarding
    application), We may collect biometric information about You to
    verify and confirm Your identity.

-   ***General Audience Service***:  The Service is
    designed for a general audience and is intended for users who are 18
    years or older. We do not intentionally collect personal Details
    from anybody under the age of 18 without the permission of their
    parents or legal guardians. If We become aware that a child under
    the age of 18 has provided Us with any Personal Information, We will
    undertake all commercially reasonable measures to get the
    information removed from Our records and systems as soon as
    possible. You should notify the Company if You are the parent or
    legal guardian of a child under the age of 18 years and believe that
    the Company has knowingly or unknowingly collected Personal
    Information of Your child.

-   ***Non-Identifying Information/Usernames***: We may
    also collect non-identifying data, such as postal codes, demographic
    information, information about Your usage of the EASWORKS Services,
    and miscellaneous project-related data (collectively,
    \"Non-Identifying Information\") from You. We may aggregate
    information obtained from the users of the Website, whether or not
    they are registered ("EASWORKS Users"), in order to better serve
    them.

-   ***Background Check:*** Our provider of background
    check services may collect additional data about You (including
    information about criminal convictions or offences) if and when We
    undertake vetting/background checks. If applicable to You, Your
    consent to the collection of such additional data will be solicited
    at such time, pursuant to applicable laws.

-   ***Information You share:*** When You join the EAS
    Talent Pool of the Company, We may collect additional information
    pertaining to You that You may elect to share in that context.

-   ***Client feedback:*** Once You join the EAS Talent
    Pool of the Company and are matched with a Client, We will receive
    from Our Clients information regarding the performance of Your
    services to that Client, as necessary for maintaining standards of
    integrity and excellence in Our Network.

-   ***Information Obtained from Third Parties:*** We
    collect information that We receive from Our affiliates, such as
    metric or workcomposer. These applications help the Company keep
    track of how its EAS Talent spend a time while working on a Client
    project. The disclosures and practices made in this Privacy Policy
    equally apply to such data that We receive from these applications.

-   ***Automatically collected data**:* When You interact
    with the Company though the Website, We may automatically collect
    certain information through Your access of the Website.

### The General Data Protection Regulation: Data Processing Agreement

To simplify compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation
(\"GDPR\"), the Company has posted a Data Processing Agreement
(DPA) defining the contours of the User-Company relationship as data
controller/processor and data processor/sub-processor (as applicable and
defined in the DPA) of personal data personal data under European Data
Protection Legislation respectively.

Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by You and the Company. the Data
Processing Agreement applies to the extent that the Company processes
any EU personal data on Your behalf as a controller (as defined by the
General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679) in Your role as a
User.

## Where Do We Obtain Your Personal Data From?

Most of the Personal Data that the Company processes is provided by You
directly to the Company when You register with Us to use the EASWORKS
Service or onboard with Us as an EAS Talent. This also includes the
Personal Data collected automatically and in the background by Us when
You use the Website. Certain information might be collected
automatically as You navigate through the Website (which may include
usage details, IP address, device ID and type, Your browser type and
language, the operating system used by the device, access times, and
information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking
technologies). Please note that We do not collect Personal Data for the
purposes of behavioural advertising.

When You sign into Your social media account or otherwise connect to
Your social media account with the Website, You consent to Our
collection, storage and use, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, of
the information that You make available to Us through the social media
interface. This includes, without limitation, any information that You
have made public through Your social media account, information that the
social media service shares with Us or information that is disclosed
during the sign-up and sign-in processes.

We may also receive Personal Data about You from third parties and
publicly available sources of information.

## How Do We Use Your Personal Data?

If You provide consent, We will use the information We collect about You
to provide and improve the EASWORKS Services to You, process Your user
request, minimise fraud, provide You with data and ads that may be of
interest to You, ensure compliance with laws, and in any other way that
is permissible under the circumstances.

We use Your personal data-

-   To verify Your identity;

-   To deliver Our products and services;

-   To improve Our products and services;

-   To perform quality audits and inspections;

-   To communicate with You regarding existing products and services
    availed by You, including notifications of any alerts or updates or
    surveys;

-   To evaluate, develop and improve Our products and services;

-   For market and product analysis and market research;

-   To send You information about Our other products or services which
    may be of interest to You (You may always opt out of this ongoing
    marketing communications by clicking an \"Unsubscribe\" link in the
    footer of each email);

-   To handle enquiries and complaints;

-   To enable You to avail of Our Services, and ensure efficient
    customer care experience and develop new features;

-   To comply with legal or regulatory requirements;

-   To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal
    activities, suspected fraud and situations involving potential
    threats to the safety of any person;

-   To furnish Your information to service partners and providers only
    to the extent necessary for delivering the relevant services (e.g.,
    scheduling service and maintenance, providing emergency assistance);

-   To administrate and build Our commercial relationship with You and,
    if applicable, the business or other legal organisation You
    represent;

-   To evaluate Your proposal to undertake a freelance project for the
    Company and create corresponding regulatory and internal statistics
    reports;

-   With the necessary consent, to publicize, post and display the
    projects and/or apps created by the EAS Talent as commissioned by
    You, on Our Website or related pages or any other social media
    platforms along with Your personal information in accordance with
    applicable laws;

-   To Comply with Our Contractual Obligations to You. For the most
    part, Our personal data processing is carried out in order to fulfil
    contractual obligations to Our stakeholders, or to take actions at
    Users\' requests in order to enter into a contract with them in the
    future;

-   We use the information You provide, such as Your qualifications,
    skills, experience and preferences, to match You with relevant job
    opportunities. This helps Us connect You with elite companies that
    align with Your profile;

-   With Your consent and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, We
    will use Your information for the reasons specified at the time of
    collection and as further defined in this Privacy Policy;

-   We use Your personal data for legitimate interests to prevent fraud
    or criminal activities, misuse of Our products or services, and
    ensure the security of Our IT systems, architecture and networks.

-   We use the personal data to comply with legal obligations and legal
    process; respond to requests from public and government authorities
    including public and government authorities outside Your country of
    residence; enforce Our terms and conditions; protect Our operations;
    protect Our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of You
    or others;

-   If You ask Us to delete Your data and We are required to fulfil Your
    request, to keep basic data to identify You and prevent further
    unwanted processing.

## Lawful Bases Of Processing Your Personal Data

We process Your Personal Data by relying on one or more of the following
lawful bases:

-   You have explicitly agreed to/consented to Us processing Your
    Personal Data for a specific reason. This includes, without
    limitation, any information that You have made public through Your
    social media account, information that the social media service
    shares with Us or information that is disclosed during the sign-up,
    sign-in processes and/or Your respective Agreement with the Company.

    -   The processing is necessary for the performance of the Company's
        agreement with You or to take steps to enter into a contract
        with You;

    -   The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal
        obligation We have.

Where the processing is based on Your consent, You have the right to
withdraw Your consent at any point in time. Please note that should the
withdrawal of consent result in Us not being able to continue offering
the EASWORKS Service to You, We reserve the right to withdraw or cease
Our products and services to You upon Your consent withdrawal. You may
withdraw consent by contacting Us with a written request to the contact
details specified below in the \'Contact Us\' section. Upon receipt of
Your request to withdraw Your consent, the consequences of withdrawal
may be communicated to You. Upon Your agreement to the same, Your
request for withdrawal will be processed.

In some cases, We may need to process Your Personal Data to fulfil Our
contractual obligations with You. We may even process Your Personal Data
when it is necessary for Our legitimate interests or the legitimate
interests of third parties. This includes activities such as improving
Our services, enhancing user experience, conducting research and
analytics, preventing fraud or misuse, and protecting Our legal rights
and interests. We ensure that the impact on Your privacy rights and
interests is balanced and proportionate.

## When Do We Share Your Personal Data With Third Parties?

We may use third parties in the provision of Our products and services
to You. We may share Your Personal Data with such third parties. We have
appropriate contracts in place with all such third parties to protect
Your Personal Data. This means that they are not permitted to utilize
Your Personal Data in any manner, that is outside of the scope specified
by Us. They are committed to hold Your Personal Data securely and retain
it only for the period specified in Our contracts with them in
compliance with the present Privacy Policy.

We share information of the onboarded EAS Talents with Our existing and
prospective Clients. Please note that, if any EAS Talent is suspended
(due to any condition) from the EAS Talent Pool, We reserve the right to
share that information with the Client(s) for whom the respective EAS
Talent has worked or submitted proposals for work.

### Reasons for sharing Your Personal Data with third parties: 

1.  We may disclose Your Personal Data to third parties only where it is
    > lawful to do so. This includes instances where We or they:

    -   need to provide You with products or services

    -   have asked You for Your consent to share it, and You have agreed

    -   have a legal obligation to do so. For e.g., to assist with
        > detecting and preventing fraud

    -   have a requirement in connection with regulatory reporting,
        > litigation or asserting or defending legal rights and
        > interests

2.  We may also disclose Your Personal Data to appropriate authorities
    > if We believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a
    > law, regulation, legal process; protect the safety of any person;
    > address fraud, security, or technical issues; or protect Our
    > rights or the rights of those who use Our products & services.

> **[With whom Your Personal Data may be shared:]**
>
> We may disclose Your Personal Data to the following third parties:

-   The EAS Talent engaged with by You, or the EAS Talent employed by
    > the Company for the execution and/or completion of Your project
    > and/or any contractual obligations towards You;

-   Persons who work for Us or provide services or products to Us;

-   Law enforcement authorities, government authorities, courts, dispute
    > resolution bodies, regulators, auditors and any party appointed or
    > requested by applicable regulators to carry out investigations or
    > audits of Our activities;

-   Statutory and regulatory bodies, authorities (including the
    > government) investigating agencies and entities or persons, to
    > whom or before whom it is mandatory to disclose Personal Data as
    > per the applicable law, courts, judicial and quasi-judicial
    > authorities and tribunals, arbitrators and arbitration tribunals.

-   The personal data may be shared as We develop Our business, We might
    > sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate
    > sale, merger, reorganisation, dissolution or similar event.

## Your Choices And Rights

You may be able to exercise certain choices and rights in relation to
Your personal information depending on the applicable law.

### Communication Preferences:

-   Registered Users have the right to change their preferences
    regarding the forms of communication they receive from Us by logging
    into their account online.

-   If You do not wish to continue to receive communication from Us, You
    have the right to opt-out of any marketing emails that You receive
    from Us. [Important:] Please be aware that We retain the
    right to send You transaction-oriented account communications that
    are related to Your account or use of the Service (for example,
    administrative and service announcements) via email and other means
    even if You choose not to receive marketing communications from Us.

-   You can opt out of receiving text messages by replying \"STOP\" to
    any text message You receive from the Easworks service provider.

### Data Subject Rights:

In accordance with applicable law, You may have the right to:

-   ***Access Personal Information*** about You, including: (i)
    validating whether or not We are currently processing Your personal
    data.; (ii) gaining access to, or obtaining a copy of, Your
    personally identifiable information

-   ***Right to rectification*** if any of Your Personal Data is
    incorrect, incomplete, or outdated. On a case-to-case basis, You may
    be able to make changes to Your personal information through Your
    Profile.

-   ***Request Deletion, Anonymization or Blocking*** when processing
    Your personal data is initiated through Your consent, or when
    processing is inappropriate, exorbitant, or noncompliant. It is
    important to note that if Your information is removed, Your account
    may be altered/deactivated as well. If Your account is deactivated
    or if You request that Your account be closed, You will no longer be
    able to access or use the Service. 

-   ***Request Restriction of or Object*** to Our processing of Your
    personal information, in the event, the processing is not in
    compliance with the law.

-   ***Withdraw Your Consent*** to the handling of Your personal data by
    Us. Please note, some attributes of Our EASWORKS Services may not be
    accessible if You choose not to provide personal information or if
    You withdraw Your consent to processing Your information.

-   ***Be informed*** about third parties with which Your personal
    information has been shared.

-   To exercise Your data subject right or to make any requests related
    to Your personal data, please contact Us using the information
    provided in this Privacy Policy. We will respond to Your requests
    and inquiries promptly and in accordance with applicable laws.

## Use Of Cookies And Other Tracking Mechanisms

We may use cookies and other tracking mechanisms on Our Website and
other digital properties to collect data about You.

Cookies are small text files that are placed on Your computer by
websites that You visit. They are widely used in order to make websites
work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information about
Your actions to the owners of the Website.

Most web browsers allow You some control of cookies through browser
settings. We offer certain features that are only available using a
cookie.

Outlined below are the categories of cookies along with a description of
what they are used for.

-   Strictly Necessary Cookies - These cookies are needed to run Our
    Website, to keep it secure and to comply with regulations that apply
    to Us.

-   Functional Cookies -- We may use functional cookies on Our Website.
    These cookies allow Us to remember information You enter or choices
    You make (such as Your username, language, or Your region) and
    provide You with enhanced, more personalised features.

-   Performance/Analytics Cookies -- We may use performance/analytics
    cookies on Our Website. These cookies collect information about how
    visitors use Our Website and services, including which pages
    visitors go to most often and if they receive error messages from
    certain pages. It is used to improve how Our website functions and
    performs.

-   Marketing Cookies -- We may use marketing cookies on Our Website.
    These cookies help Us decide which of Our products, services and
    offers may be relevant for You. We may use this data to tailor the
    marketing and ads You see on Our own and other websites and mobile
    apps, including social media. For instance, You may see Our ads on
    other sites after You have been to Our Website. We do not use
    behavioural advertising cookies in areas that are intended to be
    used by child users.

-   Your Cookie Choices: You have the right to choose whether to accept
    or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies,
    but You can modify Your browser settings to decline cookies if You
    prefer. However, please note that disabling cookies may limit Your
    ability to access certain features of Our website or enjoy a
    personalized experience.

-   Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising: If You wish to opt-out of targeted
    advertising, You can adjust Your preferences through the settings
    provided by the third-party advertising networks or through Your
    browser settings. You may also visit the Network Advertising
    Initiative (NAI) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) opt-out
    pages for more information and opt-out options.

> The details of the Website's use of cookies is further elaborated in
> the Cookie Usage Policy.

## Security

We are committed to protecting Your Personal Data in Our custody. We
shall take all commercially reasonable steps to ensure appropriate
physical, technical and managerial safeguards are in place to protect
Personal Data from unauthorized access, alteration, transmission and
deletion. We ensure that the third parties who provide services to Us
under appropriate contracts take appropriate security measures to
protect Personal Data in line with Our policies. But remember that no
method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic
storage, is 100% secure. Thus, while We strive to protect Your Personal
Information, the Company cannot ensure and does not warrant the security
of any information You transmit to Us.

-   Safety in the operating environment: We store Your Personal Data in
    a safe operating environment, and it can only be accessed by
    employees, representatives and service providers on a need-to-use
    basis. We comply with industry standards and the law to protect Your
    Personal Data

-   The payment information: We adhere to confidentiality and security
    according to industry standards.

-   User responsibility: It is important for You to protect Your
    personal data as well. We encourage You to use strong, unique
    passwords, enable two-factor authentication, and take appropriate
    security measures to safeguard Your account credentials. If You
    suspect any unauthorized access to Your account or other security
    concerns, please contact Us immediately using the details provided
    under the \'Contact Us' section of the Website or the Terms.

## How Long Do We Keep Your And [Your Child\'s Personal Data]{.mark}?

We keep the Personal Data that We collect about You for as long as it is
required for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice and for legal
or regulatory reasons. We may take reasonable steps to delete or
permanently de-identify Your Personal Data that is no longer needed.

## No Sale Of Personal Data

We shall not sell any Personal Data of Yours and/ or the children for
the purpose of marketing, advertising, or any other third-party use,
except in accordance with express consent obtained from You.

Note: We may disclose Your personal data if required to do so by law,
regulation, or legal process. This includes responding to lawful
requests and cooperating with law enforcement authorities or government
agencies.

## Links To Other Websites

Our Website may contain links to websites of other organizations. This
privacy notice does not cover how those organizations process Your
Personal Data. We encourage You to read the privacy notices on the other
websites You visit.

## GDPR Protections

Transfers of Personal Data of individuals in the European Economic Area
and Switzerland to jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area and
Switzerland are carried out in accordance with the European
Commission\'s standard contractual clauses, where applicable. These
alliances also integrate the safeguards and requirements set forth in
Chapter V (and, where applicable, Article 28) of the General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR).

## Additional Privacy Notice For California Residents

In addition to the information provided in Our Privacy Policy above,
this Additional Privacy Notice for California Residents applies solely
to residents of California, except as otherwise supplied in this notice.
It applies to personal information We collect on or through the Service,
as well as information We collect in alternate ways. It does not pertain
to personal data We gather from Our staff members or job applicants
while they are acting in their capacities as employees or job
candidates. Also excluded from the scope of this policy is information
We collect about corporates that use Our Service --- including any
workers, shareholders, directors, officials, or vendors of those
businesses --- in the course of Our provision or receipt of services on
their behalf.

### Summary of Information We Collect {#summary-of-information-we-collect .unnumbered}

As required by California law, We must disclose information regarding
the type of personal information We have accumulated about California
consumers (as per the California Consumer Privacy Act (\"CCPA\")), the
types of sources through which the data was availed, the commercial or
business objectives (as per the applicable law) for which the
information has been collected, and the types of parties with whom the
Company share personal details.

We or Our service providers may collect the categories of information
listed below for business or commercial purposes: 

-   Providing the Service (including, for example, account routine
    maintenance and general upkeep, matching freelancer skills with
    customer requirements, client service, marketing and advertising,
    data analysis, and communication about the Service); 

-   The operational objectives of Our company or Our service providers;

-   Auditing customer interactions with Our Website;

-   Finding, preventing, and prosecuting security and privacy breaches,
    as well as illegal, unethical or fraudulent activity;

-   Debugging, error reporting, and other activities aimed at
    maintaining the overall quality or security of Our Service;

-   Investigating compliance with, enforcing, and/or complying with the
    law;

-   Making improvements to Our current services while also developing
    new services;

-   Additionally, We may use Your information to advance Our commercial
    or economic benefits, such as third-party marketing and sharing
    information with You about relevant offers from Our end or Our
    third-party partners; and

-   Other uses regarding which You will be notified.

### Your California privacy rights.

As a result of California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California
residents have the right to request information, once a year and without
charge, about whether a company has divulged Personal Data to any third
parties in the process of direct marketing. In addition to making such a
request, please send an email to the address listed below. As asserted
in this Policy, We may not sell Your Personal Information to other
businesses, nor will We share it with the other corporates for any of
them to use for their own commercial purposes, without Your consent. For
more information on Your California privacy rights, including \"Do Not
Track\", visit the California Privacy Rights website.

### California Web Site Data Collection 

As a result of Your use of the Site, We do not knowingly allow any
third-party organizations to collect personal identifying information
about You online over time and throughout third-party web sites. We
provide information to users about the opt-out and opt-in options that
are available to them.

## Compliance

Data Protection Laws in the state or countries wherein You currently
live or of that You are a citizen of, apply to the collection and the
use of any Personal Information We collect from You or that You provide
to Us. If the applicable laws of Your country of residence are in
contravention of this Privacy Policy or prohibit You from sharing Your
Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy, We request You to
cease the usage of the Website to comply with the laws of Your
respective country. In accordance with applicable Data Protection Laws,
the Company is and will continue to be committed to complying with them,
and We will use these regulatory requirements as the standard minimum
juncture for Our own use and collection of Your Information. These laws
and regulations include but are not limited to (a) the General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR), which guides, among some other things,
uses, consents, and cross-border transmitting of personal information
pertaining to citizens and permanent residents of the European Union,
and (b) the California Online Privacy Protection Act, which concerns
such issues with regard to citizens and people of California. If You
have any questions or concerns about this Policy, or if You believe that
the Site is not complying with these regulatory obligations or the
Policy, please feel free to contact Us by email at \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

## Notification Of Changes

We regularly review and update Our Privacy Notice to ensure it is
up-to-date and accurate. Any changes We may make to this Privacy Notice
will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We
reserve the right to update or change Our Privacy Policy at any time and
You should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of
the Service after We post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on
this page will constitute Your acknowledgment of the modifications and
Your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. We
may also seek Your consent to any material changes if required by
applicable data protection laws. If You do not agree with the updated
Privacy Policy, please discontinue using Our services and contact Us if
applicable.

## Details of Freelancer registration and client profile ...
